"Clean room, clean mind."
"Small steps still move you forward."
"You got this!"
"Do it for the future you."
"Progress beats perfection."
"Start now, adjust later."
"Consistency creates change."
"One task at a time."
"Effort compounds daily."
"Today counts."
"Your system shapes you."
"Do the hard thing early."
"Keep promises to yourself."
"Small actions, big impact."
"Wumbo!"
"Is it a duck or is it a chicken?"
If (person!=ok) then {return hug};
"That's Mathematical!"
"Honey, I shrunk the kids!"
"Mine-turtle?"
"This is fine."
"Don't forget Shmorby!"
"You are filled with determination."
Splash text!
"Like a boss!"
"Cookie Cat!"
*vague gesturing*
"A Christian Minecraft server!"
Rick Rolling!
"My mind is ______."
"The present is a gift, but the future is everything."
"You can't succeed if you have never failed."
"It's impossible to do nothing, especially since you’re something."
"And then the fire nation attacked."
"And sometimes a really really dark gray."
"Quaintly quite quiet."
"I’m borrowing this!"
"It’s dangerous to go alone!"
"They’re running around!"
ʕ •ᴥ•ʔ
"Oh boy, my favorite seat!"
"Peace and love!"
"I quit band, so technically I’m not a bandwagon."
"Consider him, bamboozled!"
"Ya like Jazz?"
"But wait, there’s more!"
"Technoblade never dies!"
"That's no moon."
89% ẞug frếe!
"Take frequent breaks."
"What the fox said."
"Change my mind."
"Have you finished your homework?"
"Like that smash button!"
"Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill Nye the science guy!"
"Science Rules!"
"Wall Chicken or Floor Ice Cream?"
"I think I can, I think I can!"
"I know I can, I know I can!"
"In Sweater Town!"
"Become Human!"
"Why couldn’t it be, follow the butterflies?"
"Preschool is a daycare for little tiny baby gremlins."
"What's the matter? Tongue got your cat?"
"I used to be a fan. Now I'm a whole AC unit!"
"I identify as in denial!"
"I'm me," he says.
*chuckles* I'm a fool.
"Dance like there's nobody watching."
"Love like you'll never be hurt."
"Sing like there's nobody listening."
"Live like it's heaven on earth."
"Be the change that you wish to see in the world."
"It is never too late to be what you might have been."
"Life is about creating yourself."
"Do what you can, with what you have."
"Of course I talk to myself. Sometimes I need expert advice."
"I’m not weird. I’m limited edition."
"I never make the same mistake twice. I make it six or seven times, just to be sure."
"Don’t you tell me the sky is the limit when there are footprints on the moon."
"A diamond is just a lump of coal that did well under pressure."
"I’m glad I don’t have to hunt for my own food. I have no idea where sandwiches live."
"Whatever you’re doing, always give 100%. Unless you’re donating blood."
"Don’t worry. If Plan A doesn’t work, there are 25 more letters in the alphabet."
"God created the world. Everything else is made in China."
"If you can’t laugh at yourself, I can help you out."
"My brain has too many tabs open."
"Stressed" is just "desserts" spelled backward.
"Whatever is eating you must be really hungry."
"I have neither the patience nor the coloring crayons to explain this to you."
"I’m really good at stuff, until somebody watches me do that stuff."
"I used to think I was indecisive. But now I’m not so sure."
"A pessimist is a person who has had to listen to too many optimists."
"Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak."
"The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits."
"My favorite machine at the gym is the vending machine."
"A day without laughter is a day wasted."
"If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito."
"A day without sunshine is like, you know, night."
"The greatest thief this world has ever produced is procrastination, and he is still at large."
"We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public."
"The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese. I prefer cheese over worms."
"I'm dying of food hunger."
"Too much day"
"If you say plz because it is shorter than please, I will say no because it is shorter than yes."
"Jesus has blessed me. I found 2 penny’s!"
"Sibling relationships outlast marriages, survive the death of parents, resurface after quarrels that would sink any friendship."
"I said it was cool! Silently. In my head."
"You look like a hot mess." "I came out of your nightmares."
"He’s got a point" "So does my elbow"
"Yeah. I can’t commit fraud, I don’t have an imagination."
"Who doesn’t like Stitch?" "Haters."
"You said you would be done in like… 5 minutes. I mean 2 minutes, I mean 1 minute."
"You could have came to the gym with me. You would have died tho"
"Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much."
"I need to check your bag for illegal stuff"
"Waaait, girls have armpits too."
"Did something die in the outside trash can?" "Oh no, you found my stash."
"Was America made in China?!"
"They were playing tennis with me. I was the ball."
"The intelligence of the creature known as a crowd, is the square root of the number of people in it."
"Ok, say when." "…6"
"You don’t like people kissing?" "No, I just hate people"
"I juked him so hard, his ankle broke in several places"
"He’s not a ginger though! He has a soul!" "I have two souls, one on each shoe."
"Black Labs Matter"
"Got corn flesh stuck between your bones?"
"I’m not made of money." "M.O.M. stands for Made Of Money."
"Please don’t trust shady drug dealers." "He gives me candy though..."
"Did someone mention the Door to Darkness?"
